[Music]
well welcome back to another video I
died today I'm gonna go straight on into
where I just want to do a sit-down Q&A
but I'm gonna put this here because Joe
and you can hear your ice cubes sort of
like kids need your phone making a
racket but yeah today it's about time I
just did a sit-down chit chat Q&A video
I feel like it's been the longest time
since you know just ripped it back in
just a bit video where I had a bit more
of a chat with you guys because a lot of
my videos tend to be cools
fashion-related cleaning I'm a little
bit of interior in live style is there
anything else I can't even think off the
top of my head but yet today I just
wanted to do something that doesn't
involve me showing you things where I
spent money on things I just write to
like I said strip it back and just have
a chat on answer some questions that you
guys have got and that's it really I was
gonna make a genius this video but today
my I just didn't fancy it I think if it
had been warmer outside than I would
have but it was really warm yesterday
then it's gone cold today
typical England and so yeah I've got my
coffee because I've know of these sorts
of videos I do tend to talk a lot and I
will need that as I end up sort of
getting like a dry fruit right question
number one what did you do before
YouTube I have spoken about this before
I think I've even done a video on what
it did and but just in case you didn't
know I did actually work in fashion and
I was a fashion merchandiser so I have
had various jobs within fashion and
working with different people one has
been misguided that was my most recent
one the one I left to do YouTube
full-time so I worked for Miss guide for
a year I wasn't actually based in
Manchester they did have a head office
in Leicester because a lot of their
production is done in NASA and before
that I worked for a licensed t-shirt
company so we basically sold all the
license t-shirts to misguided pretty
little thing a SAS boohoo all of them
sorts of brands I worked with so I was
the senior fashion merchandising at that
company so it was so stressful because I
literally had like nine fashion company
that I used to run the accounts for so
any orders that would come in from them
I would have to manage them from start
to finish
and if anybody has worked in licensing
as well you will know it's so stressful
because I'm already having to manage all
the orders and get all the fabrics on
the floor and you know check up on my
factories and make sure they're doing
their jobs and stuff but then I'm also
having to be on the phone to the
licensing companies to make sure all the
licenses have been approved because they
have to get sent away to the artists
honestly it's a massive procedure and
licensed t-shirts and you know just any
bit of a license on so for example you
know like Disney livesin says if you
ever have a t-shirt with a Disney logo
on that has to have a license for it so
if I'm pretty little thing and I'm
buying a Disney t-shirt I have to
purchase that from a company that has
the license I can't just get a print put
on it there's a lot that goes into it so
yeah that was a really stressful job but
I did love it all the same and then my
job before that again I worked in
fashion but I actually did a different
role I did social media and marketing
which hmm I didn't know as much I feel
like merchandising for me was definitely
where I felt most happiest I feel like
with merchandising I just looked having
control of something from start to
finish I mean don't get me wrong you do
get that with marketed I guess with
marketing it's when you see that your
advertising campaign or like let's say
if you're working with influencers and
you do something with them and then the
products allow and they do really well
so yeah you do sort of get job
satisfaction in different way but I
don't know I just really enjoyed
merchandising it was always on your feet
it's always something to do and I looked
being organized and having a critical
path luck going through it and
highlighting it I don't know it was just
where I felt most comfy and I enjoyed it
so again that was my job before YouTube
and if I wasn't doing YouTube now I
think I definitely still would be doing
that because I really enjoyed it all I
feel like if I wasn't doing
merchandising I probably would have gone
into buying because I did enjoyed that
as well
I used to work quite close you were a
lot of the buyers for might misguided
and pretty little thing so yeah I saw
I'd like an insight into their job and
quite fancies that so I think I would
have done that if hadn't have done
Fashion Merchandising next up how did
you start to get your YouTube notice and
out there I feel like this is such a
popular question I've had so many of you
asked me this there's not really like a
one answer to this to be honest I feel
like there's a lot of things that go
into getting your YouTube out there and
notice but I would say the biggest thing
to get yourself out there on YouTube is
being consistent there is absolutely no
point setting up a YouTube channel if
you only go new post content let's say
once a month if you're someone that's
looking to grow and you know really want
to have like a series YouTube channel
and potentially let's say do it as a job
I feel like you've got to be consistent
it's like anything in life if you're not
consistent and you don't keep working
and working on something you're not
going to see the results sorry for
example in regards to me when I set up
my YouTube channel it was merely just as
a hobby honestly I never set up my
channel thinking I'm gonna be a
full-time youtuber but that just wasn't
even something that I didn't even
understand you could earn money for
YouTube I like I didn't even know like I
knew is a job because I knew people like
zoella and whatever did it but I never
really understood how you could make
money and yeah it just wasn't something
I ever really thought of doing for money
and because I had my job in fashion and
I really enjoyed that
so YouTube for me was merely just a
hobby so good the weekends on a Saturday
or Sunday
some people would go to the park or play
football or go dancing or you know
whatever your hobby would be mine won't
genuinely be just getting my ring right
out and my camera and showing everyone
what I've been buying and fashion videos
and whatever I did so that's how it
started and because I've sort of
consistently did two videos a week I
guess from that I started grow in and
yeah there's not really a lot to it than
that
for me it was merely being consistent
but I do know some people did that on
its own doesn't work now because I know
that there are so many people doing
YouTube so I guess it's probably a
little bit harder now I do also think
that you know you need to have something
about yourself not
I've got this big person idea that I'm
so amazing to watch because I'm not
saying that at all
but what I would advise you doing is
getting someone to watch your videos and
just to give you a little bit of
feedback so whether that's like a friend
your mom just asked them for some real
constructive feedback just say look
forget that you know me just give me
some feedback of where I could improve
cuz I've had girls come to me and say
can you watch my video like why am I
going wrong and sometimes I watch these
videos and you know it's nothing into
their personality they could have a
really good personality but if the
editing is not right like if you've got
really lot of pauses in between each
thing you know if you've got that loser
things going on in the background if you
set doesn't look a little bit
professional there's a lot of elements
that can sort of make you non-washable
to people so I think it's good to get
feedback from people as well to know
where you could be going wrong because
if you want getting views or going you
then need to sort of think right where
am I going wrong and have a look at your
content and think isn't my content and
is it boring to people wanna watch it if
you think we'll know actually my content
is good well then have a look at you
know you and how you're presented in the
video and how to speak in on you flow in
are you making it interesting are you
adding your personality in there or are
you just being a robot if you know
there's a lot of different elements so
yeah it's not so straightforward it's
just being consistent I would say
consistency in one but then also there's
a lot else that goes into it I think a
key one as well is showing your
personality the worst thing you can do
is come on YouTube and make a video and
just be stiff and robotic I know it's so
easy to be like that because you're
probably not used to film in with a
camera you know but guess that is
something as well that you get used to
over time but yeah just practice just
practice speaking to the camera it mean
that answer to be so long-winded but I
have a biggest one is consistency but
like I said there's a lot of other
elements so if you are feeling a bit
deflated and like your YouTube isn't
doing as well as you would want it to be
start nitpicking you know be your worst
you've got some times you have to be
your what's that saying like your
biggest critic so I do it with myself
all the time like I
look at my YouTube videos and be like I
don't like that I don't like how I'm
speaking there or I don't want that
background I don't like my camera
quality you know there's always
improvements to be made even with the
biggest youtubers so yeah that is my
answer next question do you think
YouTube has changed you as a person 100%
yes I would say firstly it has helped my
confidence no end before YouTube I used
to be so timid so shy the people that
knew me at school honestly I think
that's probably one reason why I
mastered you got bullied because I was
the shy quiet girl I wasn't this
confident talkative bubbly person Irish
is that girl that ya kept my head down
was really shy really timid wouldn't
dare speak or stand up for myself and
it's so weird that looking back at that
person because I'm so different to that
now like I feel like YouTube has really
really brought on my confidence I've got
other things have as well I definitely
feel that with my confidence I have
pushed myself a lot and I think that's
the biggest thing with helping gain more
confidence pushing yourself out of your
comfort zone and pushing yourself to do
the things that you wouldn't normally do
so I would say confidence is a big one
in which YouTube has helped me and
change me how else has YouTube changed
me I don't think it has changed me as a
person look I am still the same old blog
when the first set up YouTube I haven't
actually changed as a person yeah that's
quite a tough question but I think the
biggest thing I would say is confidence
it's definitely helped me with my
confidence next question has quarantine
lockdown effected your jobs yeah I think
like for the most people
it definitely has affected my work I
mean obviously I'm still here filming
and working now and Bert in regards to
like paid work with brands and stuff a
lot of my sponsorships have been put on
hold for the foreseeable future
and it's just a knock on effect I guess
in society at the moment with everything
that's going on you know brands can't
really commit to keeping their contracts
of people because obviously their work
is going down because people haven't
gotten money so people aren't it's like
it's be spending and buying clothes
makeup and whatever then they can't
really go
their contracts with people still suck
in regards to sponsorships all of my
contracts with brands have been put on
hold for the foreseeable future so yeah
I don't have any of them at the moment
so all I really have is my absence money
and if I do affiliate links which I
don't really do an awful lot but yeah I
can still if I wanted to make money
through them so yeah it definitely has
affected me as well but like I said I am
still lucky in getting like one revenue
still which is my up cents
next up how do you say so positive Joran
self-isolation a really struggling and I
ended up in bed all day I've had a lot
of these as well
people saying that they restore Glynn to
you know to stay positive and stay
motivated during this time because you
know isn't alone for his all to be stuck
in I know we can get out for one walk a
day but even little things like I was
saying to my mom like I really miss just
being able to go in my car and I put her
around shops like I love doing that I
love going to HomeSense and spun all the
candles and just having a look in the
stores I know that sounds really sad but
I just enjoyed doing that I would say
the biggest thing to help stay at
positive is just to get yourself in a
bit of a routine it's easy as it is to
stay in bed all day and not do anything
I really feel like you need to just
treat this time as if you asked it at
work I know some people are still
working from home so I guess for you
guys you may have a little bit more of a
routine in others but if you are someone
at home that hasn't got work like your
work has literally been cancelled we've
been laid off or you just don't have any
work I would definitely definitely say
get yourself into a routine treat it's a
working day still so set your alarm in
the morning for 8 o'clock like a
reasonable time like 8 o'clock I think
get yourself or do you blind straight
away make you bed because once your beds
made there's no getting back in there
put your clothes on straight away don't
just lounge around in your pajamas
that's the number one thing I always do
in the morning I get straight into
clothes I don't stay in my pajamas
because one of them are pajamas I feel
unproductive I'm likely to land around
and waste more time in the morning yeah
but then I like to make myself a cup of
tea right to-do list and just get
straight on with it so yeah you could
write yourself
to-do-list even whether it's cleaning
you've got to do organizing even if it's
just watch some series on Netflix so yes
to summarize being positive whilst
isolated my advice would be just to try
and give yourself a routine set your
alarm in the morn then have a little bit
of a schedule even if it's just your
daily cleaning going for a walk and
little things like that on you to-do
list I always just feel that when I
happen to do list I've managed to tick
something off I just feel a sense of
accomplishment for that day so that's my
biggest piece of advice but like I said
just remember we all have good days we
all have bad days and it is normal to
have days where you feel lethargic
unmotivated unproductive just recognize
that take some time out do the things
that you enjoy whether that's just
watching Netflix having a nap anything
that you want don't feel guilty about
having bad days because we all have
certain especially with what we're going
through right now the biggest thing to
try and stay you know motivating a
positive 80% at the time in my opinion
is just having a little bit of a
schedule and routine still the next
question where are you from so just in
case you guys don't know
I'm originally from Leicester and I
moved to Nutting in about a year and a
half ago now and yeah
besties you never do not regret me mix
Nottingham I love Nottingham I don't
think I'll ever move back to less now
Nottingham is my home I've always been
in and around not in any way because
where I lived in Nesta it was very close
to Nottingham so it was really easy
access to gets nothing home it was only
ever like 14 minutes Nottingham I also
went you need Nottingham but not in
Trent you need for three years so yeah
I've always sort of been here just never
lived here
until like a year and a half the guy
okay so the next question is the one
that you're all waiting for the answer
to because I had so many of you asked me
this and I didn't actually address us on
Instagram if he wants to go now but just
think oh you didn't see it the question
is are you still with Aaron and if not
what happened
so I mean Aaron aren't together anymore
unfortunately which I never saw so sad
and you know I've got a lot of love
and me and Aaron did not split off in a
bad way like it was nothing bad there is
no bad blood between us although we are
still friends as friendly as can be
after a breakup right let's be honest I
just think that when you've split up
with someone it's very hard to be
friends you know as much as you want to
be friends that is gonna come a day
where we just don't speak anymore and
that is just inevitable and there are
some people are friends with their exes
but I just think it's hard staying
friends and then moving on whilst being
friends of your ex does that make sense
so at the moment we are still friends
and we do still speak to each other now
and again and that's great and you know
we're happy with that we like I said
with just friends and we both
acknowledge that but yeah that lasts all
there is to it really I'm not obviously
gonna sit in delve deep into why we
still open the ins and outs there was
nothing bad no one cheated or anything
like that it was just merely this is how
I tried to describe it on Instagram it
there was just other issues that needed
sorting out that didn't get sorted to me
it was just the case if I couldn't move
forward in a relationship with someone
while C's adult issues weren't thought
it which was super frustrating and so
for me it was just more of the case of
waiting for something to happen and wait
in and it just not happenin so yeah it
definitely wasn't an easy brief but I
think breakups so hard enough as they
are but especially so when things that I
guess could have been resolved just
weren't ever get resolved
that's the hardest part but you know
it's been a few months now sort of
accepted the situation and like I said
it's nice that we still friends because
I was such a good guy like he genuinely
is he's got a heart of gold he's like
the nicest person ever and and yeah it's
just unfortunate but who knows what the
future holds but yeah at the moment we
aren't to go Bob and yeah that's the
answer to it really and then the next
question is are you seeing anyone no no
I'm not seeing anyone completely single
and just focusing on myself at the
moment in this question again this sort
of leads on and it's quite funny would
you ever go on to avoid and one
you present definitely not love island
is just not for me
relative TV in general is just something
that I don't think I would ever do
I mean Never Say Never well no actually
I can't say never I wouldn't do it one
thing that I am very certain about since
doing this is a job it's being famous I
would not want that if you paid me a
million pound like I get to go to a lot
of these parties where you know famous
people love and just watching them and
seeing their life I couldn't think of
anything worse you know they leave the
clubs and they get impact and this
people trying to get up the skies and
get the shot and oh it's all eyes on you
but it's bad enough now like when you
get a bit of negativity on YouTube and
people think they know you and I've got
something to say hi in that by a million
and then that's what you're gonna get
I'd say to be famous you've got to have
a very thick skin and you've got to
understand that you're never gonna have
a private life and for me I do like
having a private life I think yeah it's
just not for me
that just wouldn't be for me that
lifestyle would definitely not be for me
being famous so that's one massive
reason why I'd never want to do a
reality TV show
I'm secondly I feel like with reality TV
you know this is no offense to anybody
that has done reality TV you do get
judged because of it like let's be
honest you know when you go on programs
like you love Ireland you are then not
really successful in your own right
you're successful off the back of the TV
program does that make sense
no don't be not harsh and like I said
it's no offense to anyone that's been on
arranged TV show not that anybody's
gonna be watching me it's been on a TV
show but it I do feel like your success
is based off the back of beyond a
reality TV show and for me personally I
want to be successful within my own
right I work my way you're on my own
it's not when you're in a job and you
weren't you're way off I got into
YouTube fluky really you know it was a
hobby and I managed to grow my platform
as a hobby and you know now that I am
sort of saying climbing the ladder my
subscribers are going up I'm doing a
little bit better I want to continue
that on my own right not through the
back of going around you know let's be
honest you go on to live Island you
basically got a free pass to
followers and brand deals and things
like that you know I want a brand to
work with me because I do a good job of
creating content and they like my style
wouldn't she says that does this make
any sense I feel like I'm properly
rambling but yeah that's another reason
why I wouldn't do got its T because I
think the most people that got one there
it's like just they just got one that
because they know it's going to make
them money when they come out of it and
I'm not really bothered about that so
yeah that's just cut the answer short
wouldn't do Gallants TV I don't have any
like a documentary or something
educational because that's not really
going to lead you to being famous I
don't think well I hope it will didn't
if it would or didn't figure like
documentaries and things I think I
wouldn't mind doing I don't feel like
you get tarnished Eva so yeah definitely
you know from me for the very TV I have
been asked a few times to do love Island
I think I've got us two survivor the
fittest the circle there's been a few TV
programs been asked to do and yeah
declined them all because just not for
me
unfortunately okay so next question is
how to do that a break it was the right
thing to do I think that this is really
hard because it just depends why you
broke up but I always say when you break
up with someone you need to write a list
of all the reasons that you're breaking
all of them so I know the reasons you
like you're breaking up with them and
then look back at that list and remind
yourself and you know if they're still
valid then that's your reason so you
should just know that you're walking
away from that person because of those
reasons and that you couldn't live with
them because that's honest if you could
have lived with them for them reason
should you still be with them so yeah I
think that that for me is my philosophy
anyway you know if someone has these
reasons that you can't be with them and
they've not changed and they have still
got person then that was the reason you
walked away because you couldn't move
forward with them okay next question has
your plans for buying a house been put
on hold now you're single now it's still
very much looking to buy a house like
for me being in a relationship wouldn't
really affect me buying a house or not
like if I was with someone and obviously
you know I was looking to spending the
rest of my life
and then of course I'd be looking to buy
the house then I'd have been obviously a
joint mortgage with them but as I'm now
on my own that just means I've been
getting a mortgage on my own and fine
house on my own so now now that I'm on
my own it hasn't been put on hold
I'm bit I would say the current state of
the economy has put my half buying on
hold because you guys know that if you
have been following what's going on and
we are more than likely going to go into
a massive recession after all of this so
personally my advice would be not to buy
a house now because I think what you're
gonna find is you're gonna buy a house
and then it's just gonna go down in
value like obviously it'll go back up
eventually but it would be better to buy
a house if you can just afford to when
the recession hit because the house
prices are going to drop so yeah it
would make sense because otherwise let's
say you buy house the 300 grand and then
we're going to massive recession and
house prices drop drop to like 260 let's
say you could have bought that half -
260 does that make sense so yeah I'm put
in my house hunt in I won't sound hold
I'm still like looking but I mean
there's not really a lot going up on any
half-sites at the moment because people
obviously not selling for obvious
reasons and so yeah it's sort of been
put on hold because of what's going on
in the economy but like I said as well
I'm also waiting until the recession
because then it will be cheaper for me
to buy a house so yeah it just sort of
makes sense our son will lose money
10-year plan
dreams goals all hud-1 ten years I will
be 38 living it out I'll be touching on
40 I think within the next ten years I
would like to have sort of like my dream
home I mean I love this place to be
honest with you but I mean you grow
don't you and if I want kids and stuff
then I want some more a little bit
bigger so yeah dream home you know it's
a nice house lot on about buying some
mysic manor houses and just a nice four
or five bed detached house in the
countryside my cats
hopefully have a husband by their
married kids yeah I mean I hope I've got
kids by the time 38 that's it really
and hopefully as well you know my
youtube still going strong I think for
me the main thing I want out of the next
10 years it just to be settled
just to be SATA wall with a husband been
married like I said you know husband
married kids and just yeah be content
with life that for me is probably the
most important thing okay so I've got
two more questions I'm gonna run some
because I do tend to talk a lot right
next question I think this is quite a
good question actually
have you ever turned down a sponsorship
if so why and what run if you can say
now I feel like this is a part of
YouTube and youtubers that you don't
really see know about and that's the
sponsorships that we turn down now I
can't speak for other youtubers but for
me personally I definitely definitely
don't just accept any old sponsorship
but for me isn't morally right and um
yeah so how are you certify what I'm
like a brand personally is if it's a new
brand that approached me that I've never
heard of never you know tried out their
product or clothing or whatever is that
they are providing or wanting me to
promote I will ask them if they can send
me over their clothing or product and
just let me see what it's about fair
there is absolutely no point of me
signing something to work with a brand
that I've never tried out or I don't
know what the quality is like and other
products like I just don't understand
and youtubers that do that and believe
me there are hundreds of youtubers that
do that they will just get an email and
they'll go on the website be like oh
yeah that looks nice yeah what of you
but how can you do that like it's just
so false I always think if I wouldn't
buy it myself then I'm not going to
promote it to you guys so for me to work
a brand I have to 100% know that I would
go onto the website and buy something
out of my own money because if I
wouldn't I won't be talking about it so
for example the brands that I do work
with pretty little thing Upali
foxy locks they're all brands that
before YouTube I have actually purchased
from I've loved I still purchase from
them now just because I have
sponsorships with them and you know if
technically
could get anything gifted from them if I
wanted it to but I'm still Parker's off
there I am NOT one of these youtubers
it's just gonna scrounge everything for
free because I can because I'm not now I
just don't agree with that like if I'm
doing a campaign with them and they need
me to pick out some things and fair
enough but but let's say I'm going out
somewhere at the weekend I'm then not
gonna night message pretty little thing
we like all can you send me a dress over
no I'll go on the web site or do it
myself
yeah a lot of the brands that I have
longtime sponsorships with I have
shopped on their websites for years have
liked them way before I started getting
paid to work with them and then
occasionally I wore whatever runs where
I haven't like bought anything off them
or you know I don't know anything about
them but if I do that is merely because
I have tried out desktop already I've
had their cloven sent over I've had
their products and over and I've sort of
reviewed it tried it out and tested it
and then I've said yeah okay like I'll
work with you I will definitely
definitely not work with a new brand
until I've tried and tested some of it
there was just no way like it's just so
wrong in every level I don't even get me
started because I see so many youtubers
working with brand sponsorships that
I've turned down and I know the products
are crap because I've tried them and
then it's sorry if you are a thin it's
bit I will learn through a few brands I
have turned down just so you know so
most recently I turned down a brand
sponsorship with books and beauty
probably seen a few people do that one
personally part I would buy over
expensive and yeah nothing more to say
by the way anyone has or anything off
there and does love the product then you
know it's all personal opinion isn't it
some people like things some people
don't but for me personally I just
didn't like it I also turned down a big
contract sponsorship with muscle food
once so I tried that products you might
have her actually saw that I tried their
products because I did put them on my
Instagram stories when I received the
parcel but at that point I was still
trying out the food stand the quality of
food to be shocking so I was definitely
not going to go ahead with a sponsorship
and tell you guys to go and buy it when
I would not have gone and bought it
myself
so yeah there's loads there's loads
trust me if I wanted to I could
make double wired but I don't so it's
interesting actually because you almost
get like a bit insight and knowledge
into who you think may be being genuine
and who you know may not be being
genuine but for me personally I would
rather earn less money and just people
know that if I'm promoting something
it's because I genuinely love it like
what is it on your reputation like your
reputation is worth more than money yeah
I think that's what I'm trying to say
yeah reputation is worth more than my um
annotation but credibility like could
you imagine if I just said yes to
everything but people are gonna be like
oh here's blue rod another sponsorship
or shouldn't talking about because she
gets paid but I hate the people to think
that I'm only doing something because I
get paid so no I'd rather just do the
brands that I know love support and
would actually buy from than any old
fund anyway yeah I'm not gonna answer
any more because I feel like this video
is gonna be quite lengthy Rumble Ian
chatty as it is but thank you for all of
your questions hopefully that has
covered your questions and yeah gave me
the answers that you're looking for I
would thank you all so so much for watch
it if you are new here then please hit
the subscribe button and also give this
video a thumbs up if you have enjoyed it
thank you all so so much for watching I
hope you're all keeping safe and I'll
see you all in my next video bye bye